Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey Brennan Clapper Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted) Crooked Hillary Podesta Ohr (and Nellie) the GPS Fusion characters Christopher Steele the DNC ( their missing server).
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me  those associated with me to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report so after almost 3 years they want a Redo or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the..
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele a foreign agent paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party
.and other really bad people SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest  worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler Schiff  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
Bernie Sanders “The Economy is doing well and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie the Economy is doing GREAT and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours) Crooked Hillary Clinton had ever won!
..are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary the Dems the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
.Since there was no Collusion why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops Dems and Crooked Hillary!
Mueller and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence) have already ruled No Collusion No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary the DNC Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35000000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back.
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back.
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat  Crooked Hillary paid for Fake  Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump.and how did that turn out?
So if there was knowingly  acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he  all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton  the Democrats Nadler Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats they say “gee I have an idea let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen..
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying  fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National CommitteeAnd where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal  the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won.
It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest  report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
.about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier” a total phony conjob that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI  wasn’t sworn in no tape nothing?
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
..who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller  the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
.the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop
Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged  botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie).
.WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff Yahoo for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also it was paid for by Crooked Hillary  DNC!
Remember Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable  unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server or Crooked’s office?
..overturned 9-0 in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial  many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton.
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server) but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED  acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page  her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
No Collusion and No Obstruction except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan Comey McCabe Strzok lies to Congress or Crooked’s Emails!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia and everybody including the Democrats know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary the Democrats and the DNC!
Just fired Agent Strzok formerly of the FBI was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony  discredited Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary  the DNC.
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
Collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
.Also why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary others including himself have worked for Obama.And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity  real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta Dossier?
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt headed now by 17 (increased from 13 including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats was started by a fraudulent Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
..I did NOT know of the meeting with my son Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC that was knowingly  falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax that’s why and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Looking more  more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling he said it couldn’t happen was no big deal  did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth as usual!
The Rigged Witch Hunt originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year)  now 13 Angry Democrats should look into the missing DNC Server Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails the Pakistani Fraudster Uranium One Podesta  so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
.persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)And what is going on in the FBI  DOJ with Crooked Hillary the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22000000 ReportAnd what about the 13 Angry Democrats will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who together with Nancy Pelosi have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime well into the future.and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
Why was the FBI’s sick loser Peter Strzok working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry  Conflicted Democrats when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover lawyer Lisa Page that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh I see there was no Russian Collusion so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Wow what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort who has represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know. Transparency!
.“$17 million spent it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers who actually represented Clinton people ( gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge not me and did nothing.
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton many crimes much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not) all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders who got duped!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use.
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use.
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes!
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
.untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
.lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore!
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently addeddoes anyone think this is fair? And yet there is NO COLLUSION!
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more!
have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access.
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
.The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats lead by their fearless leader Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier Uranium Speeches Emails and the Podesta Company!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
.Actually throughout my life my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being like really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and as everyone knows went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman to top T.V. Star..
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid Huma Abedin has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey  others
Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s  a big fundraiser for CH is beside herself in grief  begging for forgiveness!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill  Crooked-USED!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress deleted and “acid washed” 33000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many timesand nothing happens to her? Rigged system or just a double standard?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI  Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC  then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary  the Dems..
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H.
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is.
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary  the Dems the focus?????
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side not mine!
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was "I hope so!"
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes  Russia relations?
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media  authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted ( acid washed) her 33000 e-mails!
and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails  had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared-  they talk about obstruction?
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook  even Dems  DNC.
I win an election easily a great "movement" is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Wow interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person -  Paul Ryan does zilch!
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible!
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way dumb!
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS or whatever she has been doing for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by Bernie S she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
I think that both candidates Crooked Hillary and myself should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American  Hispanic communities
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
There is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Crooked's stop in Johnstown Pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with Bill VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff our country needs change!
Wow my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out V.P. pick!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her!
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren often referred to as Pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary who she always hated!
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS  all others laughing!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes Crooked Hillary Clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O  Hillary!
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
Bernie Sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
After today Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out!
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails?
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged  corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged!
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Crooked Hillary Clinton who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama) is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one!
In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC  VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women?
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS China Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged!
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
Wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the others?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie will lose!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me  I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the border. Bad!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton who wants to destroy all miners I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal minerscoal companies out of business." She then apologized.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men!
Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook  Twitter. Watch!
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
